ENTER-jean

# Dialogue with Jean
TALK-Stranger-Oh, you’re open. I thought this bakery was getting closed yesterday. 
TALK-You-It’s Christmas Eve. It didn’t feel right to leave the townspeople without their cakes and muffins today.
TALK-Stranger-Celebrating Christmas is such a stupid idea. So much time wasted that could’ve been spent building successful businesses.
TALK-Stranger-Anyway, my name’s Jean. I work for Fishy Business Inc., the corporation that is going to pay your debt.
TALK-You-You mean, the company that is going to buy my shop
TALK-Jean-Well, honey, small businesses never last long. 20% of them fail during the first two years. 45% don’t even last five. And 65% close in the first 10.
TALK-Jean-The fiasco of your bakery was just a matter of time. You’re incredibly lucky that we are willing to pay you for it. And you’re also welcome.
TALK-You-I know I have a big debt, but I could’ve payed it with a little more time!
TALK-Jean-Could you? Let’s see. You called your business ‘Bubble Bakery’ because you serve some kind of bubble icing. Come on, anyone can make bubbles, why are yours so special?
TALK-You-Well, they..
TALK-Jean-Bubbles as a theme is, uh… un unwise business plan, I’d say.
TALK-Jean-But don’t feel bad, not everyone is creative enough for these things.
TALK-You-And what is it that you’ll build here that is such a good business plan?
TALK-Jean-A new Burgerfins! The fast-food chain with 49 restaurants all across the seven seas that is making billions of sandollars.
TALK-Jean-People love it because they don’t have to ask where the fish we serve come from. And everyone is tired of all that ‘eco-friendly’, ‘buy local’ headache.
TALK-Jean-Burgerfins! Don’t eat moral, eat fast.
TALK-You-Ah, so my bakery is being turned into a predatory business. That’s great.
TALK-Jean-That’s what happens when you’re last in the food chain, honey. And I guess you could say that I am a finance shark. Ha!
TALK-You-…
TALK-You-Do you want a bubble muffin before you leave?
TALK-Jean-Of course not. You somehow manage to turn the salty water around this bakery into sugary one. It’s incredible. And also revolting.
TALK-Jean-I’ll be on my way now. You’ll receive the payment from Fishy Business Inc. tonight. I hope you invest it in a… better way this time.

EXIT-jean


